DSS Interactive Journal
    Week 1~2
        Through the course, the first thing to impress me is the defination of IoT. Apart from connecting world to the internet using sensors, there are lots of edge conditions that belong to IoT scope. It's amazing to have so many Phasespace tracking sensors in our daily classroom. First lab is all about communication protocol, since IoT certainly requires data to be communicated and transported. Setting up the environment and try to run the UDP Parse code is a disaster for Mac. I think it's about the time to install Ubuntu VM back to my machine again.
        Acoustic devices really shock me. I was so surprised about the way it feels, as if I was really touching something. But to think thoroughly, it’s the basic physics knowledge that we should all know. From knowledge to implement it is a long way to go, also from prototype to real life practical devices is another story. 3D printer and laser cutting are easy to learn and super helpful to get yourself a prototype. EXCITED TO GET IN TOUCH WITH ALL THE SENSORS AND ARDUINO!!!
    Week 3~4
        Assembling our proximity sensor Box is pretty straightforward. Azure provides basically all the services we need as a IoT beginner. From the lecture and the lab, I get to know MQTT, meaning of endpoint and Azure Hub, which is probably what we are gonna use for the year project. During the Crazy 8, we brainstormed several brilliant ideas, we choose four outstanding that seems fascinating: automated delivery; live crowd monitoring; anti-poaching system and companion robot. Actually, what satisfies me most is my idea about using drones to help the firefighters of the situations inside the building that full of smokes. But we realise it is too hard to test and there are already existing products in the market. After presentation, we figure out the group project’s goal is not only about complex design and hardcore tech usage, but also requires a good impact on the field your product served. Kats’s presentation helps a lot. Especially on the difficulties we might face when implementing our own IoT devices. Power, network, regulations, cost to maintenance, all these factors we have to consider. Our group has come to an agreement about the project theme, a smart crash cart. To get the right design and get the design right, we imagine a lot of conditions that may help the nurses to work more efficient. But all these sketches are within out suppose and imagination, we have to talk to user(i.e. nurses) to get their feedbacks.
